<!-- source: corpus/pocket-operator/raw/home.html | cleaned: 2026-06-03T22:45:52.789Z -->

pocket operators - teenage engineering                                                                                              a wall of sound in your pocket.                pocket operators are small, ultra-portable music devices, with studio quality sound and the flexibility to make music on the go. affordable for everyone and compatible with all other music gear.  for an impossibly cheap price from    $59          visit store                              PO-12  リズム          16 sound drum machine and sequencer, perfect for making beats. parameter locks and punch-in effects.                                     play demo             $59            add to cart                          PO-14  サブマリン          deep bass line synthesizer with sequencer, parameter locks, play styles and punch-in effects.                                   play demo             $89            add to cart                       PO-16  プラント          lead synthesizer for keys melodies. sequencer with parameter locks, play  styles and punch-in effects.                                   play demo             $89            add to cart                              PO-20  アーケード          arcade synthesizer and sequencer, with parameter locks, chord control and punch-in effects.                                   play demo             $99            add to cart                          PO-24  オフィス          noise percussion drum machine and sequencer, with parameter locks, solo functionality and punch-in effects.                                   play demo             $89            add to cart                          PO-28  ロボ          live synthesizer and sequencer, with parameter locks, glide control and punch-in effects.                                   play demo             $99            add to cart                              PO-32  トニック          drum and percussion synthesizer and sequencer. the only pocket operator with unlimited sounds with microtonic vst.                                   play demo             $99            add to cart                          PO-33  ノックアウト          micro sampler with 40 seconds sample memory and built-in recording microphone.                                   play demo             $99            add to cart                          PO-35  スピーク          vocal synthesizer and sequencer with built-in microphone for 8 different voice character sampling.                                   play demo             $99            add to cart                                            watch full video               small device, big sound.     pocket operators are designed on a single multiple-layer  circuit board using high quality components and  all share the same compact form factor.                  3.5 mm SYNC IN / AUDIO IN as well as 3.5 MM AUDIO OUT / HEADPHONE SYNC OUT.       portable and battery powered with 1 month battery life.      compact and tactile buttons for instant feedback when you play.                                 by placing all vital and sensitive components under the LCD display there's no need for an outer case. by saving this cost, high quality components could be used to guarantee the best possible sound and very low power consumption. the space under the display also doubles as a speaker box.       silabs efm 32 gecko mcu  cirrus logic dac  high quality speaker  high quality crystal for solid clock                      BREAK AWAY HANGER  3.5 MM AUDIO OUT / HEADPHONE SYNC OUT  JTAG PROGRAMMING PORT  SYNC IN / AUDIO IN  LOCK TAB (PO-30 SERIES)  BUILT-IN SPEAKER  FOLDING WIRE STAND  EXTERNAL SPEAKER SOLDERING POINTS                       combine. sync. play.      all pocket operator® models perfectly complement each other. from drum machine, bass and lead synthesizers to noise percussion. link and sync your pocket operators to create your own pocket band, chaining multiple pocket operators together using 3.5 mm audio cables.     explore cables                                                                                                             pro-case. one size fits all.     CA-X silicone pro-case is the best companion for your pocket operator®. with an updated design, this case includes a hole for the microphone, anti-slip feet, neck strap, battery protection and pro-feel buttons. compatible with all pocket operator® models.     available in 5 colors.         explore CA–X pro case                                          battery protection.                 pro feel buttons                     M–1 headphone                 MC-3 sync cables                                     rhythm and drums      deep bass line      lead and melody                 arcade synthesizer      noise percussion drum machine      live and performance                 drum machine      micro sampler      vocal sampler                     the pocket operator® family.     visit store             a wall of sound in your pocket.                                                              pocket operators are small, ultra portable music devices, with studio quality sound and the flexibility to make music on the go. affordable for everyone and compatible with all other music gear.  for an impossibly cheap price from    $59                 visit store                            PO-12     リズム        16 sound drum machine and sequencer, perfect for making beats. parameter locks and punch-in effects.                                   play demo           $59                 add to cart                        PO-14     サブマリン        deep bass line synthesizer with sequencer, parameter locks, play styles and punch-in effects.                                   play demo           $89                 add to cart                            PO-16     プラント        lead synthesizer for keys melodies. sequencer with parameter locks, play styles and punch-in effects.                                   play demo           $89                 add to cart                        PO-20     アーケード        arcade synthesizer and sequencer, with parameter locks, chord control and punch-in effects.                                   play demo           $99                 add to cart                            PO-24     オフィス        noise percussion drum machine and sequencer, with parameter locks, solo functionality and punch-in effects.                                   play demo           $89                 add to cart                        PO-28     ロボ        live synthesizer and sequencer, with parameter locks, glide control and punch-in effects.                                   play demo           $99                 add to cart                            PO-32     トニック        drum and percussion synthesizer and sequencer. the only pocket operator with unlimited sounds via microtonic vst.                                   play demo           $99                 add to cart                        PO-33     ノックアウト        micro sampler with 40 seconds sample memory and built-in recording microphone.                                   play demo           $99                 add to cart                              PO-35     スピーク        vocal synthesizer and sequencer with built-in microphone for 8 different voice character sampling.                                   play demo           $99                 add to cart                                          watch full video             small device, big sound.     pocket operators are designed on a single multiple-layer circuit board using high quality components. they all share a compact and durable form factor.                    3.5 mm SYNC IN / AUDIO IN as well as 3.5 MM AUDIO OUT / HEADPHONE SYNC OUT.       compact and tactile buttons for instant feedback when you play.                                     1. break away hanger.      2. 3.5 MM AUDIO OUT / HEADPHONE SYNC OUT      3. JTAG PROGRAMMING PORT      4. SYNC IN / AUDIO IN      5. LOCK TAB (PO-30 SERIES)      6. BUILT-IN SPEAKER      7. FOLDING WIRE STAND      8. EXTERNAL SPEAKER SOLDERING POINTS                    by placing all vital and sensitive components under the LCD display there's no need for an outer case. by saving this cost, high quality components could be used to guarantee the best possible sound and very low power consumption. the space under the display also doubles as a speaker box.           combine. play. sync.                          all pocket operator® models perfectly complement each other. from drum machine, bass and lead synthesizers to noise percussion. link and sync your pocket operators to create your own pocket band, chaining multiple pocket operators together using 3.5 mm audio cables.                  explore cables                       pro-case. one size fits all.                                                                                                          CA-X silicone pro-case is the best companion for your pocket operator®. with an updated design, this case includes a hole for the microphone, anti-slip feet, neck strap, battery protection and pro-feel buttons. compatible with all pocket operator® models.  available in 5 colors.                     explore CA-X                                   BATTERY PROTECTION.                   pro feel buttons            visit store                      in cart