<!-- source: corpus/analogue-pocket/raw/home.html | cleaned: 2026-06-03T22:45:52.250Z -->

Pocket - Analogue                                   Meet Analogue Pocket.     A tribute to portable gaming.   A multi-video-game-system portable handheld. A digital audio workstation with a built-in synthesizer and sequencer. A tribute to portable gaming. Out of the box, Pocket is compatible with the 2,780+ Game Boy, Game Boy Color & Game Boy Advance game cartridge library. Pocket works with cartridge adapters for other handheld systems, too. Like Game Gear. Neo Geo Pocket Color. TurboGrafx-16. Atari Lynx & more. Completely engineered in *two FPGAs. No emulation.          The most advanced display in handheld gaming.  Pocket is designed around a first-in-class 3.5”, 615 ppi, LCD. With a 1600x1440 resolution, Pocket has 10x the resolution of an original Game Boy. Yeah. We can hardly believe it, either. Pro level color accuracy, dynamic range, and brightness. The display is even made from Gorilla© Glass. There has never been a display this advanced in a video game system.          Original Display Modes  Transform Pocket's display into the display on an original GB, GBC, or GBA. Quirks and all. Pocket's 615ppi display allows astonishingly accurate recreation of original hardware display characteristics like backlight LCD effects, pixel grid patterns and LCD subpixel patterns.              Pocket does it all  Pocket is the ultimate tribute to portable gaming. We designed four unique portable video game system based cartridge adapters that allow you to play your original game cartridges on. Game Gear, Neo Geo Pocket & Neo Geo Pocket Color, TurboGrafx-16, PC Engine & SuperGrafx & Atari Lynx. Each adapter includes several Original Display Modes specific to each system. So you can explore portable gaming history with no compromises.          AP_01   Game Gear  The Game Gear Adapter allows you to play your original Sega Game Gear cartridges on Analogue Pocket. Three Original Display Modes are available with this: Analogue GG, Original GG, Original GG+.         AP_02   Neo Geo Pocket/Color  The Neo Geo Pocket Adapter lets you play your original Neo Geo Pocket and Neo Geo Pocket Color cartridges on Analogue Pocket. Three Original Display Modes are available with this adapter: Analogue NGPC, Original NGPC, Original NGPC+, Original NGP.         AP_03   Atari Lynx  The Atari Lynx Adapter enables you to play your original Atari Lynx cartridges on Analogue Pocket. Three Original Display Modes are available with this adapter: Analogue Lynx, Original Lynx, Original Lynx+.         AP_04   TurboGrafx-16, PC Engine, SuperGrafx  The TurboGrafx-16 Adapter allows you to play your original TG16, PCE and SuperGrafx HuCard games on Analogue Pocket. Three Original Display Modes are available with this adapter: Analogue TG16, TurboExpress, PC Engine LT, CRT Trinitron.           Play Pocket on the big screen.  Analogue Dock is an amazing companion for Pocket. With Dock you can connect Pocket to your HDTV. Sync up any wireless 8BitDo Bluetooth or 2.4g controller directly to Dock for wireless play. Up to 4 player support. You can connect controllers directly via wired USB, too.    Get Dock Now         Side         Back        Top        Front        Analogue isn't just for games anymore. It's for making music.                        Pocket has a digital audio workstation built in called Nanoloop. It's a synthesizer and a sequencer. Designed for music creation and live performance. Shape, stretch and morph sounds. Capture music or play and sculpt live.                                           1    2    3       Your bridge to musical creativity. Bring Pocket into any music workflow.  Connect to digital audio workstations, synthesizers, drum machines, computers, and more—these cables open up a world of sonic possibilities. Seamlessly integrate your Pocket into your music setup and explore new dimensions of sound. In the studio or on the go, connect Pocket's versatility into any musical workflow.         Pocket to MIDI USB-A Cable  Connect Pocket to Mac or PC via USB-A and sync Nanoloop to any MIDI-enabled DAW or software        Pocket to MIDI IN Cable  Connect Pocket to MIDI and run Nanoloop in sync with external MIDI gear like keyboards, synths & more        Pocket to Analog Sync Cable  Sync your Pocket via Analog Sync to additional Pockets or external hardware and instruments        Pocket to Pocket Link Cable  Sync two Pockets running Nanoloop via original-style link port     Visit our store  All cables are compatible with all original GB, GBC, GBA models except 1st GB                        Your gateway to the history of portable gaming.  At its heart, Pocket OS  was purpose built for exploring and celebrating an era of portable gaming. Designed to be the definitive, scholarly operating system for playing and experiencing the entire medium. With the respect it deserves.         Library  Library is a reference level database to play, explore and share. A scholarly cataloging of the entirety of video game history. Search and explore through it&aspo;s full breadth: system by system, game by game, region by region, developer by developer, publisher by publisher, revision by revision. All of it.        Memories. Save States. Screenshots.  Save and capture whenever you want, even at the same time. Capture (or load) a save state in an instant, live while playing any game cartridge.        Play with what you want to play with  Pocket OS  is designed to connect seamlessly to virtually every 8BitDo Bluetooth, 2.4g and next gen controller. Wired and wireless. With button mapping on a controller by controller, system by system basis.                                                                                                                                                                                    openFPGA is an unprecedented pinnacle within the history of preserving video game history. Our vision is to put the power of FPGA development in your hands so you can define and shape the next step of innovation.  For decades, dedicated software developers have tirelessly worked to preserve video game hardware within the constraints of software emulation.                                             openFPGA on Pocket - hardware engineered in parallel with the first purpose built, FPGA development driven ecosystem created for 3rd party developers. Decentralized and created specifically for preserving video game history.                                                          FPGA, it's in your hands now. Analogue has been dedicated to creating passionately focused reimagining's of video game hardware for over 13 years. We still feel like we're just getting started. For the first time, we're opening up our hardware to 3rd party developers.       Learn more about FPGA      Technical Specification        Pocket   Compatible with Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance game cartridges.  3.5" LCD. 1600x1440 resolution. 615ppi.  360° display rotation (tate mode)  Variable refresh display  Rechargeable lithium ion 4300mAh battery  6-10 hour gameplay time & 10+ hour sleep time 9  All buttons mappable  Stereo speakers  micro SD card slot  USB-C charging  Original-style link port  3.5mm headphone output     Dock   1080p HDMI output  Bluetooth & 2.4g support for wireless controllers  2 USB inputs for wired controllers  Up to 4 player support (4p Bluetooth, 2p 2.4g, 2p wired USB)  Power Dock on from controller     Adapter   AP_01 Game Gear adapter  AP_02 Neo Geo Pocket + Neo Geo Pocket Color adapter  AP_03 Atari Lynx adapter  AP_04 TurboGrafx-16, PC Engine & SuperGrafx Adapter        Analogue Pocket  $239.99   Available Now  Ships in June 2026          Analogue Pocket does not play copyrighted rom files, it plays legacy game cartridges via the cartridge slot.  Analogue Pocket is not designed using software emulation. It is designed using a specialty hardware chip called an FPGA, which operates on a transistor level implementation of its functionality.  Analogue Pocket does not operate utilizing any bios files from any other entities. Analogue designs all hardware.  All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Games are showcased to illustrate compatibility with Pocket.  Sega Game Gear, Neo Geo Pocket Color and Atari Lynx game cartridge compatibility requires cartridge adapters [ sold separately ].  Nanoloop cables are not included with Pocket and sold separately.  GB Studio © 2020 Chris Maltby  Deadeus © 2020 -IZMA-  Pocket 6 hour battery life is a rough estimation with display at default brightness.  Nanoloop © 2021 Oliver Wittchow